#2016 U.S. Presidential Election Clusterability Analysis

Voting in the U.S. always bring nation-wide attention, even world-wide. I remembered in 2016 when I was about to came to the U.S. for high school, I watched 2016 presidential debate, Trump vs. Clinton with my friend and it was indeed very interesting. The two political parties in the U.S.: Democrat and Republican have really distinct ideologies that are performed in many way. Tax, for example, Democrat party claim to minimum wages and progressive taxation, while republican party believe tax shouldn’t be increased for anyone. I remembered when I took high school in Broward county in Florida, the food in the restaurant was taxed at a rate of 7%. However, now in the Champaign, Illinois, the food tax rise to 11%. I think this might be result from different political preference about taxation of the two counties.

The data contained in the election.csv file contains the results of voting for each candidate and their political perference of all counties as well as their state location in the US in 2016. There's a question always concerned me that is: Is people in each counties vote because of a specific candidate or based on their political perference?
Therefore, in this case study, we want to find that if there exists a clear pattern in the way counties vote for different political parties.
In this dataset, the percentage means Democrat candidates only compete with other Democrats in each county to win the Democrat party presidential nomination. And Republicans candidates only compete with other republicans in each county to win the Republican party presidential nomination. Therefore, the percentage should add up to 200% since there's two parties. However, to satistify my reasearch goal, the percentage should add up to 100% since I want to see the pattern of percentage of vote of each different candidate of each county. I will explain more at data manipulation part.